feat: make PDB configurable (#3837)
cloudnative-pg/cloudnative-pg: docs/src/kubernetes_upgrade.md

   system update or hardware replacement, is executed.
3. rejoining the node to the cluster (`uncordon`): the updated node is
   reintegrated into the cluster, ready to resume its responsibilities.

This process requires either stopping workloads for the entire upgrade duration
or migrating them to other nodes in the cluster.

## Temporary PostgreSQL Cluster Degradation

While the standard approach ensures service reliability and leverages
Kubernetes' self-healing capabilities, there are scenarios where operating with
a temporarily degraded cluster may be advisable. This is particularly relevant
for PostgreSQL clusters relying on **node-local storage**, where the storage is
local to the Kubernetes worker node running the PostgreSQL database. Node-local
storage, or simply *local storage*, is employed to enhance performance.

!!! Note
    If your database files reside on shared storage accessible over the
    network, the default self-healing behavior of the operator can efficiently
    handle scenarios where volumes are reused by pods on different nodes after a
    drain operation. In such cases, you can skip the remaining sections of this
    document.

## Pod Disruption Budgets

> By default, CloudNativePG ensures that the primary node in a PostgreSQL cluster
> prohibits its own draining, safeguarding uninterrupted operations.

Reviewer: IMO this is correct but possibly confusing. The user does have the ability to select a node for draining.
Suggestion
```suggestion
By default, CloudNativePG ensures that if a node to be drained contains the
cluster's primary instance, a switchover happens ahead of the drain. Once the
instance in the node is downgraded to replica, the draining can proceed.
For single-instance clusters, CloudNativePG will prevent draining the node where
the instance is housed, safeguarding operations.
```

> By default, CloudNativePG ensures that the primary node in a PostgreSQL cluster
> prohibits its own draining, safeguarding uninterrupted operations.
> Additionally, in the presence of replicas, it guarantees that only one replica
> at a time is gracefully shut down during a drain operation.

Reviewer: IMO this is correct but possibly confusing. The user does have the ability to select a node for draining.
Suggestion
```suggestion
By default, CloudNativePG safeguards Postgres cluster operations. If a node is
to be drained and contains a cluster's primary instance, a switchover happens
ahead of the drain. Once the instance in the node is downgraded to replica, the
draining can resume.
For single-instance clusters, a switchover is not possible, so CloudNativePG
will prevent draining the node where the instance is housed.
Additionally, in multi-instance clusters, CloudNativePG guarantees that only
one replica at a time is gracefully shut down during a drain operation.
```

hardware components, or upgrading the cluster to the latest Kubernetes version.
These activities are essential for maintaining a robust and secure
infrastructure.

## Maintenance Operations in a Cluster

Typically, maintenance operations are carried out on one node at a time, following a [structured process](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubeadm/kubeadm-upgrade/):

1. eviction of workloads (`drain`): workloads are gracefully moved away from
   the node to be updated, ensuring a smooth transition.
2. performing the operation: the actual maintenance operation, such as a
   system update or hardware replacement, is executed.
3. rejoining the node to the cluster (`uncordon`): the updated node is
   reintegrated into the cluster, ready to resume its responsibilities.

This process requires either stopping workloads for the entire upgrade duration
or migrating them to other nodes in the cluster.

## Temporary PostgreSQL Cluster Degradation

While the standard approach ensures service reliability and leverages
Kubernetes' self-healing capabilities, there are scenarios where operating with

> a temporarily degraded cluster may be advisable. This is particularly relevant

Reviewer: "... may be advisable" ... doesn't sound right.
Perhaps I'm misunderstanding. @gbartolini perhaps you meant "acceptable" not "advisable"?
